The final project for an introduction to ICS I was to make a game using
Java on the Eclipse IDE. The project was open ended in more ways then
one, but all projects required a certain number of classes, of which
should be separated equally between groups members.

What is the game about?
-----------------------

The game is rock-paper-scissors, but instead of picking rock, paper or
scissors, you pick a Pokemon depending on what key you press (three
options of Pokemon: Fire, Water and Grass). Your opponents picks a
Pokemon and once both inputs are stored, the game does a simple
animation and declares who lost the round. If you lose three rounds, you
lose the game as well (indicated by the player’s health).

The amount of works was split 50/50, Nathan worked on the rps class,
which was the logic for how the rock-paper-scissors mechanic would work.
I worked on the Health Bar class, as well as the simple animations for
the game. We both had to work on start.java to make sure that the
classes would work together, and the animations would match the code
correctly.

Learning Experiences
--------------------

This was my first real experience of working with someone on the same
project. I learned that if there is not enough clear communication
between group members when you run the program with all the different
classes there will be multiple errors. When working as a group on a
program, even though you are making your own classes, you also have to
know what the rest of your group’s classes do as well. This project was
a good introduction to working as a group on a program, as well as using
classes in Java.

Link to the source code, in a GitHub Repository
[Here](https://github.com/ColeAmparo/RPSGame).

Link to a video demonstration of the game
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pH_zQ_KfyA)
