Smart Questions: A way to a Hacker’s heart (and brain).
=======================================================

Why are smart questions important?
----------------------------------

“Why does a question have to be smart if I only want an answer without
learning anything?" Thinking like this is a foolproof plan to not get
your question answered. Software engineers are not going out of there
way to answer a question that you can look up online just to cater to
your every whim. Software engineers want questions that provoke their
thoughts, that show new problems, ultimately so they can sharpen their
understanding of a certain topic. Smart questions are a collaboration
between the user and the “Hacker”. Smart Questions are very specific and
show that the user has researched the problem, attempted finding a
solution, and have a very good understanding of their code. When a
Hacker find a Smart Question they don’t have to waste time finding the
specific issue and get straight to problem-solving and learning more. As
a software engineer asking Smart Questions is important not only because
it help your own understanding of the problem as you write out your
question, but also Smart Questions have a higher chance of being
answered by a Hacker. To show the do’s don’ts of Smart Questions I
reference the essay “How To Ask Questions The Smart Way” by Eric Raymond
and Rick Moen.

Link [here](http://www.catb.org/esr/faqs/smart-questions.html#code)

An example of a Smart Question
------------------------------

StackOverflow link:
[here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/68591360/on-windows-server-2019-pyttsx3-called-via-cgi-apache-produces-empty-wav-files)

The question summarized is: On Windows 2019 vm, using Apache2.4 when
pyttsx3 (which is a text to speech conversion library) is called it is
producing empty .wav files. Apache is set up so the user can use python
in cgi-bin scripts The user has a script that when called on command
line produces a 115 kb .wav file that contains a spoken version of his
text. However when the user invokes the same script via a web browser it
creates a 46b that has the .wav header but no data.

I don’t understand the topic of the questions but I can breakdown why
this question is a good example of a smart question by how it follows
the precepts established by Eric Raymond. First I have good reason to
suspect that the user did their research before asking the question on
StackOverflow. The user has tried multiple solutions such as running
WAMP on a Windows 10 machine, or using Apache use php to call python as
a shell command. Even if I don’t know exactly what the user is talking
about, they have tried many solutions. Second, the user specifies the
versions of important things on their Windows 10 and Windows 2019
machines.

Since the user was very specific about the issue, an intelligent
discussion started and in the end a Hacker hypothesized that it might’ve
been an environmental issue, and gave steps on how to fix that issue.
The Smart Question was specific so the Hacker could give a good answer.

An example of a Stupid Question
-------------------------------

StackOverflow link:
[here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69124676/brute-force-on-wifi-with-python-using-android-is-it-possible)

Again I feel it is important to emphasize that I don’t understand the
topic of this question, but this time I feel like I am not alone in that
thought. According to Eric Raymond’s precepts, this is a stupid
question. First, there is no evidence that the user who posted the
question did any research, testing, googling, reading, etc. when it came
to finding a solution on their ow The user is also not asking a
specific, technical question, instead the only thing the user is asking
is:

     Brute-force attack on wifi using Android is it possible

This header is not only open-ended and unspecific, but the grammar is
horrible. The user’s location is Bangladesh so I assume that english is
not their first language, but Raymond gives plenty of solutions to
non-native english speakers when it comes to asking smart questions.
Even without the grammar issue the user does not expand on what they are
asking in the body of the question, only repeating what is in the
header. This is a type of question that a “hacker” wouldn’t even glance
at because of the header. At the end of their question the user says
that it is very important to him that this question gets answered, which
we all know is a big no-no when it comes to asking smart questions.
Hackers who answer questions on forums like StackOverflow are not
answering out of the compassion of their heart, nor are they going to
tutor you for information you can find online. Hackers look for
questions that are specific and challenging because they like to problem
solve. A question like this one is likely to be on the internet already,
so the user should’ve STFW. On the website there was no responses and
the question was closed because of a lack of clarity and detail.

Conclusion: A new insight into question asking
----------------------------------------------

I will be honest to you, there was many a time when I asked stupid
questions, whether it be about homework or just wanting to get an answer
without working. Now I realize that these questions are not only
annoying software engineers who are trying to learn, but also limiting
my own understanding of a problem. Odds are that if I ask a stupid
question and get a correct answer, the next time I come across the same
problem I wouldn’t be able to answer because I didn’t learn anything by
asking a stupid question. Asking Smart Questions is time-consuming but
after asking a really good question, if you come upon a similar problem
you will probably be able to solve it yourself.
