---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: What’s the deal with Software? 
date: 2021-09-01
labels:
  - Software Engineering  
  - The future
---

I am interested in many different aspects of software engineering, and I
have been since I was a kid. Before the goal was to “make video games”
but as I progress and learn more about software engineering my curiosity
grows. That is a good thing because when it comes to a broad idea such
as “Software Engineering” there is much to be curious about.

So what’s so interesting about software engineering?
----------------------------------------------------

Personally the most interesting thing about software engineering to me,
is that it can be applied in most other industries. There are many
different job options for software engineers. Also software engineering
is always growing, so if you are interested in learning new things
constantly software engineering may be the field for you.

### Interest since childhood

I have grown up around video games my entire life, and video games are a
major reason why I chose to be an ICS major. I am sure that many people
took the intro to ICS class with the hope that they can be video game
developers one day. Then they had that hope shattered when they realized
they spent 4 hours looking for a missing semicolon. I have more
realistic expectations now, but there is a small part of me that wants
to learn software engineering in order to apply it to making video
games.

Goals in Software Engineering
-----------------


### I want to git gud at GitHub

I have only spent a week and a half using GitHub and I can already see
how useful it is, even thought I personally haven’t used it that much.
Being able to upload all my coding projects from previous classes to one
place makes me feel very clean. Getting used to GitHub is one skill I
want to practice ASAP because when it comes to actual software
engineering jobs, I am sure that a majority of them use GitHub.


### Getting better at Javascript

As I said in my last technical essay, Javascript is such a versatile
language that is used a lot in software engineering. In this class I
hope to learn about what makes Javascript better than C/Java and be able
to apply it in my own programming.


## Conclusion
In conclusion as the world becomes more technologically advanced the more software engineers are going to be necessary. I want to be a part of the technological revolution, which is why I want to find a field that I am interested and start creating. As I am a little fish in the ocean that is software engineering I am very eager to start an internship and learn as much as I can.
